NARRATOR On their way to Ash's
next Gym battle
in Coumarine City
our heroes have come across
a sprawling ranch.
Wow. Who knew
there was a ranch out here?
[AGREEMENT]
It says it's
the Baa de Mer Ranch.
SKIDDO
[CONTENTED]
POKEDEX
Skiddo. The Mount Pokémon.
'Because of Skiddo's
mild temperament'
'they're thought to be
one of the first Pokémon '
'to live in harmony
with people.'
You see, Skiddo and humans
have interacted
for quite a long time.
Look over there.
BONNIE I see Gogoat and Mareep,
Dodrio and Doduo, too.
Also, it says this ranch
has all sorts of Pokémon
and it's famous for its
delicious cheese and ice cream
made from Skiddo milk.
‐ Oh, I want some. I want some.
‐ I do, too.
So why don't we
go check it out?
BONNIE
Hurray!
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
The Twerps are running to the
Baa de Mer ranch, double‐time.
For once,
those Twerps and I agree.
Cheese and ice cream.
Eating that grub
would be a dream.
[AGREEMENT]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
SERENA
"A Race for Home."
CLEMONT 'It looks like
that's their store.'
Excuse me?
Will one of you please
take care of my brother?
‐ Bonnie, no.
‐ You, or you.
You're all keepers.
Bonnie, I told you
to stop this a million times.
‐ A million one.
‐ Grr.
Bonnie, here, this is for you.
BONNIE
Thanks. Yummy.
SERENA 'Wow. They let you
ride Skiddo, too?
Oh, boy.
‐ I wonder if this could be‐‐
‐ It is, Serena.
The first step
to becoming a Rhyhorn racer.
Mom?
Serena's mommy?
Talk about
a strange coincidence.
It's been a while, Serena.
‐ How are you, dear?
‐ I'm fine.
What are you doing here?
I was invited here
to be a special coach
'for the Rhyhorn racer
training camp.'
'Isn't that just wonderful?'
But I never thought I'd be
running into you here, Serena.
‐ Dear.
‐ Mom.
So tell me.
Have you been doing your
race training like you should?
Uh.. Well..
It's so good
to see all of you.
Serena looks so happy.
Thanks so much.
You've taken good care of her.
She's been
taking care of us.
‐ Hi‐dee‐hi.
‐ It's been a long time.
[AGREEMENT]
You're a Rhyhorn
racing camp coach, huh?
So the campers really
get to ride on Rhyhorn?
Yup. But today
is for beginners.
So we're starting their training
with Skiddo.
ASH
How come?
Rhyhorn are a bit too big
and strong for beginners.
That's why we start
with Skiddo.
'When you hold their horns
while riding them'
they can actually
sense your feelings.
Even kids can ride them.
Wow, I had no idea.
You know,
I started riding Rhyhorn
right off the bat, didn't I?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
That's because
you said you just
had to be a part
of the Rhyhorn race, remember?
Yeah, and because
you're an awesome teacher
I learned how to ride.
Well, it's really because
you worked so hard at it.
In that case, since you've
ridden a Rhyhorn already
there's no need
to start with a Skiddo.
But, wait. I've never
ridden a Skiddo before.
‐ I really wanna try it.
‐ Great.
BONNIE
I wanna ride, too.
Those Skiddo are so cute.
Can I, can I?
Yes. Why don't
you all do it together?
Mmm. So, how about it?
Ah. You mean me?
BONNIE It'll be more fun,
if we all ride together.
CLEMONT
But I don't want to.
GRACE
Serena, you'll help too, right?
My hands are quite full
with all the riders.
Huh?
[laughs]
GRACE
Alright, shall we get started?
BONNIE/CLEMONT/ASH
Yeah!
Wow. Ash, you're great.
Come on, really?
Here, Bonnie, I think this is
the perfect Skiddo for you.
Yay. Huh. Oh.
[HAPPY]
Can you watch Dedenne for me?
I'd love to.
[HAPPY]
GRACE
Now, get on slowly..
...and make sure
you don't speak too loudly.
‐ Skiddo frighten easily.
‐ Right.
I'd really like to
make friends with you, Skiddo.
So do you wanna go
take a walk together?
[HAPPY]
Look at me. I'm riding.
I'm riding.
Mommy.
I'm scared.
Don't cry, dear.
GRACE
'Take it slow and stay calm.'
Very few people do so well
their first time.
You've got the stuff
to be a Rhyhorn racer.
[chuckles]
[Clemont screaming]
[ALARMED]
[groaning]
Hey, Clemont, are you okay?
CLEMONT
Yeah, I guess so.
GRACE
You see, you were nervous
so the Skiddo was nervous too.
I can understand.
But I'm not sure
what can I do about it‐‐
BONNIE What an embarrassing
big brother.
[Clemont sobbing]
Don't worry.
You'll get the hang of it soon.
Thanks.
Oh.. I just can't do this.
Come on, you're acting
like a little kid.
Bonnie.
Some people are
good at some things
and not good at others.
GRACE
'Okay, it's break time.'
Hmm.
We'll all have some lunch
then pick it up again
in the afternoon, okay?
BONNIE
Okay.
You've really become one
of the students here now, huh?
Yup, If I can learn
to ride a Skiddo
then I can become
a Rhyhorn racer.
And I'm gonna do it, too.
You've got what it takes,
no doubt.
You'll get the hang of it
in no time.
‐ You mean it?
‐ Of course.
Is something wrong, Serena?
‐ It's nothing.
‐ Great.
GRACE Everyone, I think we
should all have a nice lunch
over at the inn
where I'm staying.
Mmm. I love the smell
of my mom's soup.
Wow. Yeah, it smells so good.
SERENA She makes the best soup
in the world.
BONNIE
'Can't wait to try it.'
Honestly, Serena's never really
been much of a cook.
‐ Is that a bother?
‐ Not at all. She's a big help.
Serena's always giving me
a hand with the cooking.
And she makes
the best desserts
in the whole world,
all the time.
BONNIE I just love
Serena's desserts.
She always puts
pretty flowers on the table.
And, she puts
on a nice tablecloth.
Serena's the best.
Well, you do all that?
I guess.
I just try to help
make our mealtimes
a tiny little bit more fun.
Before you started your journey
all you ever did
was sleep late
and skip out
on your Rhyhorn training
and you'd start projects,
but you'd never finish even one.
Mom!
I guess that means
my little girl
has grown up a lot.
Alright.
Everybody come on out.
[APPEARING]
[HAPPY]
You too.
[APPEARING]
[HAPPY]
Come on, it's lunchtime.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now, Fennekin and Pancham,
let's eat.
[APPEARING]
FENNEKIN/PANCHAM
[HAPPY]/[ANNOYED]
Okay, mom,
say hi to Fennekin
and my newest
Pokémon, Pancham.
Hi there.
Nice to meet you both.
How are you?
[EXCITED]
ASH
Looks awesome.
[EATING]
CHESPIN
[CURIOUS]/[BORED]
PANCHAM
[ANNOYED]
[DELIGHTED]
Now what are those two
fighting about?
Just stop it. Both of you.
PIKACHU
[ANNOYED]
Listen, I have an idea.
I'd like you to do some
Rhyhorn race training
after lunch.
Um..
Look, I know you have to do
your Pokémon training as well
'but you still need
to prepare for your future'
'as a Rhyhorn racer.'
But Serena's gonna be
a Pokémon prof‐‐
Ash.
ASH
What did I say?
I haven't been
on my journey long.
So I haven't given it
much thought.
Mmm.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Skiddo.
SKIDDO
[EXERTION]
GRACE Now, time to start
afternoon training.
‐ Right.
CLEMONT
Do I really have to?
BONNIE
Of course you do.
‐ 'Baby.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Serena?
‐ Oh, I forgot something.
I'll catch up with you
in a bit.
Okay. I'll see you later then.
[sighs]
[CURIOUS]
I'm just fine.
Come on, let's practice.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pancham, forward roll and jump.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
[ALARMED]
Are you two alright?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hmm. I wonder why nothing
seems to be going right.
I guess, we're just not ready.
I can't tell my mom that
I want to be a Pokémon performer
if I look this awful.
[HOPEFUL]
I know just what you mean,
and you're right.
No way I'm gonna give up.
It's just like
Ash always says.
"Never give up until it's over."
And I agree.
Now let's take it
once more from the top.
PANCHAM/FENNEKIN
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hmm.
JAMES
Ooh, la la.
A veritable mountain
of cheese, yogurt, and milk.
JESSIE 'It'll be an
all‐you‐can‐eat day every day.'
MEOWTH
'My tummy says, "Yay."'
[AGREEMENT]
JAMES
'What a load.'
Okay, time to hit the road.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hold on, what do you think
you're doing?
Let's cheese it.
MEOWTH
And split.
Come back here. Thieves!
He said, "Thieves."
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I've gotta do something.
Hey, return, now.
GRACE
Yes, very good.
[PANICKED]
MAN #1
Come back!
GRACE
What's going on?
MAN #2
They're cheese thieves.
‐ They're cheese thieves?
‐ I knew it.
Skiddo, after them.
SKIDDO
[AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
ASH
Stop.
CLEMONT
Wait!
BONNIE
Clemont!
Serena?
SERENA
Rhyhorn are faster than Skiddo.
Rhyhorn, please.
I need your help.
Your power.
And your speed, too.
I need to ride with you.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Thank you.
[FOCUSED]
Serena.
'Look straight ahead.'
'Sit up straight'
'and be one
with your Rhyhorn.'
Let's go, Rhyhorn.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Look at that.
Huh. Hyah.
GRACE
After them.
ASH
Come back!
CLEMONT
Stop, please. Ahh.
JESSIE
Twerps.
The whole Twerp‐ish
herd of them.
CLEMONT
Stop. Please. Oh.
Are you okay?
Leave it to me.
‐ Serena?
Hey, Clemont,
is everything alright?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Ash, out of the way.
Serena?
‐ 'A Twerpette.'
‐ 'Pursuing us on a Rhyhorn.'
MEOWTH
'No fair.'
Now, Rhyhorn,
I want you to use
Tackle on that truck.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[TACKLE MOVE]
[all yelping]
She's gone loco!
Alright. Give it up, now.
Prepare for trouble,
don't boss us around.
And make it double,
we rule, pound‐for‐pound.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To embrace the virtues
of milk and cheese.
We'd never forget
about yogurt. Please.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
with a truck full of treats.
JAMES Surrender now while
we steal your good eats.
Meowth, that's neat.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket! Not you guys again.
Give back all of that stuff.
[AGREEMENT]
It's not stuff.
Still, the answer is no.
Here I go..
Inkay, let it flow.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
And you too, Pumpkaboo.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, Pikachu.
Use Quick Attack.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[PAINED]
Psybeam, now.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
ASH
Dodge it.
Go, Fennekin.
[APPEARING]
Flamethrower. Quick!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
JESSIE
Pumpkaboo!
You're such a brat.
Shadow Ball, stat.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh, Fennekin.
FENNEKIN
[ANGRY]
You're right.
We won't give up.
GRACE
Serena.
‐ Team Rocket.
Now, Flamethrower, once more.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PUMPKABOO/INKAY
[PAINED]
‐ Pumpkaboo.
‐ Inkay.
Oh. Serena.
Now, Pikachu.
Finish this with Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
‐ Oh, not one bite.
‐ Unfair fight.
[AGREEMENT]
We're taking flight.
Wow. You guys really did it.
Hooray‐‐
I gotta say you were really
moving on that Rhyhorn.
‐ Oh, well, yeah, I guess so.
‐ Serena?
‐ Huh?
I can see now that you really do
have what it takes.
I mean, to be
a professional Rhyhorn racer.
Mom..
I want you
to come back home with me
and start training again.
Hey, that means
you'd be leaving us.
‐ But Serena wants‐‐
‐ Hold on, Ash.
But, Serena..
I'll say it.
You see, mom..
...I've decided I wanna become
a Pokémon performer..
...which means
I'm not going home.
Are you serious?
Dear, as soon as you think
it's getting too hard
you'll simply give up.
I know how we'll settle this.
We'll have a Rhyhorn race.
‐ I'll come home if I lose.
‐ Serena.
But, mom, if I win,
you have to respect my dreams.
That's crazy.
Your mother's a professional
Rhyhorn racer after all.
He's right.
In that case,
we'll have our race on Skiddo.
I agree. Let's go.
BONNIE
'Serena can't win, can she?'
CLEMONT Well, I'm sure
she'd lose in a Rhyhorn race
but in a Skiddo race, I think
she might just have a chance.
Right, compared to Rhyhorn
Skiddo would do much better
with a light rider
and that favors you,
but we'll see.
'The race is one lap
around the training grounds'
and first to the goal wins.
‐ Serena, sound good?
‐ Hmm.
[EXCITED]
Go for it, Serena.
Ready? And you're off.
SKIDDO
[EXERTION]
BONNIE
'Go, Serena!'
SERENA
She's ahead!
Faster. Faster. Faster.
Faster. Faster.
BONNIE
'Serena took the lead!'
[PANICKED]
‐ Ah!
‐ Serena!
[grunting]
[crying]
Not yet.
I won't quit until the end.
[EXERTION]
SERENA I wasn't thinking
about the future
when I started my journey.
I set out because
I didn't want to be
a Rhyhorn racer,
like mom said.
But then I met Ash,
Clemont, Bonnie
Fennekin and Pancham..
And after going through
so much together
I finally have a dream.
I've finally found
what it is that I want to do.
And I'm not giving up!
SKIDDO
[AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE
Look, she's catching up!
‐ Way to go, Serena.
‐ Just a little bit more.
Faster, faster, faster!
GRACE
She's serious, isn't she?
[EXERTION]
CLEMONT
Finish.
Yeah!
Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Ha‐ha.
‐ She did it. That's awesome.
‐ 'Serena.'
Serena?
Looks like you won.
But, mom, you see, it's just..
‐ Right. I understand.
‐ Huh?
I understand how you feel.
You know, you needn't be
so surprised, sweetheart.
After all, I'm your mother.
Oh, mom.
I saw that secret performance
practicing of yours.
You‐you saw?
And racing while covered in mud,
you didn't give up.
You raced to the end.
You've really grown
during your journey
with Ash and all
your wonderful friends.
Hmm. Thanks, mom.
Skiddo can sense feelings.
That's the reason
we raced with them.
'To sense your feelings.'
[AGREEMENT]
The Skiddo picked up
on your dream.
They could sense
how strong it is.
So I decided
that's good enough for me.
‐ Follow your dream.
‐ Thank you, mom.
SERENA
Oh..
That's awesome, Serena.
Let's both follow
our dreams together.
Hmm.
Fennekin!
[EXCITED]
SERENA
Thanks, mom. Stay well.
GRACE
You too, Serena.
By the way, where to next?
Coumarine City's next.
I'm going to challenge
the Gym there
to get my fourth
Kalos Gym badge.
You know, I hear
they're going to have
a Pokémon Showcase
in Coumarine City.
'Why don't you
be a part of it?'
Really?
Take on every challenge
and rise above them all.
NARRATOR Serena was finally able
to share her real dreams
with her mother, and show her
how much she's grown.
And not only is
Coumarine City the site
of Ash's next Gym battle
a Pokémon Showcase
awaits Serena there as well.
Will our two heroes
emerge triumphant?
The answer to come,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]